humanity is on the verge of a big
breakthrough that will lead to its
awakening the strongly held intentions
of the light bearers and way showers
over the last few decades have drawn the
divine energy field closer and closer to
Earth until now it surrounds and
envelopes it completely influencing all
sentient life-forms in the most positive
of ways this influence is showing up in
many places as new creative ideas for
dealing with social economic religious
philosophical and political issues which
have long caused concern the World Wide
Web has an amazing number and variety of
sites offering information publicly
which previously was almost impossible
to access this alone shows the
effectiveness of the new energies
enveloping you all indicated by the
flood of new information that people are
now willing to share openly with one
another and these energies are
constantly increasing their
effectiveness as more and more of you
turn inwards for guidance and receive it
you all know that you are here with a
divine a spiritual purpose although what
that is has been difficult for you to
see with any clarity this is due to the
fogginess of your environment in which
so many unforeseen variables have to be
taken into account when contemplating
even a simple action like crossing the
street should I do it here or further on
how fast is the approaching traffic can
I see far enough down the street that
motorcycle is going too fast if I don't
get a move on I shall be late
a lot of your energy is expended in
resolving these minor issues which
always seem to demand your immediate
attention leaving precious little time
for investigating and coming to an
understanding of your life's purpose if
any because the process of just living
as a human takes so much of your
attention these intensifying heavenly
energies can no longer be ignored
because they are bringing into your
awareness thoughts and ideas that have
long been hidden or forgotten as the
stresses of daily living occupied your
minds very fully many are confused and
surprised as these ideas ideas which
they believed only the unearthly or the
diluted paid any attention to start to
demand their attention am I going mad
these ideas are fascinating but there is
no one with whom I could possibly
discuss them unless I want to be thought
insane I need to focus on the job in
hand but these ideas keep intruding and
yet they are strangely comforting and so
on well of course they are comforting
they are drawing your attention to the
fact that you are not just little
automatons and service to the system but
something much greater and more
interesting your higher self your true
self is urging you to awaken by slipping
enticing ideas and thoughts into your
mind thoughts that you find you are no
longer able to dismiss as the childish
imaginings of an undeveloped mind and
your attention is also being drawn to
news items or studies by scientists
psychologists and philosophers that are
addressing the ideas that keep slipping
uninvited into your mind humanity is
being prepared to wake up as these
divine energy stir up the creative
aspects of your minds which until very
recently have been focused almost
exclusively on your egoic needs and
desires which really do not need the
energy and attention that you have been
giving them you do have egoic needs
these are requisites that keep your
bodies healthy by bringing them to your
attention so that you can honor them
hunger thirst tiredness pain etc but
what has
is that for most of humanity their
bodily needs have become the main focus
of their attention and those who have no
real bodily needs because everything is
already being most adequately attended
to use their creative energies to find
new ways in which to please and
stimulate their bodies your bodies are
just vehicles that enable your spirit to
have a physical experience they need to
be looked after but not obsessed over
but all over the world whenever basic
needs have been provided for people are
engaged in creating ever more ways to
amuse and interest their bodily senses
because they have forgotten that they
are spiritual beings the new energies
are rekindling awareness of this the big
missing aspect of being alive and for
many it is very unsettling but once that
awareness stirs as it is doing it will
not be silenced because it's very
purpose is to get you to look inwards to
seek a much deeper meaning to your lives
and that meaning is the rediscovery of
your spiritual essence you're
inseparable oneness with each other with
all of creation with God your divine and
infinitely loving father he wills only
your eternal happiness and he knows that
you can only find that by dissolving the
illusion and returning to your divine
home you never actually left it but you
did fall asleep a moment ago and you are
about to wake up with so very much love
Saul